README.md, before:

<!--
**Mr-ConQueso/Mr-ConQueso** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

An "About me" section that describes your work and interests
Contributions you're proud of, and context about those contributions
Guidance for getting help in communities where you're involved

-->
## About Me
I'm an aspiring programmer, a little cheese in search of adventures! With a passion for game and website development, I enjoy designing 3D models and coding in Java, C#, and Python and crafting immersive gaming experiences or building dynamic web applications, I thrive on the challenges and creativity that programming offers. Let's create something extraordinary together! 🚀

<!--
I'm currenlty updating the [Misty World](https://github.com/Liahim85/MistyWorld_Open) Minecraft mod, as an effort to teach people about ecology, and the effects on the environment in it's own species.
-->
I'm currenlty developing [Nölme](https://github.com/Mr-ConQueso/nolme-app), a passion project of mine, combining progamming and my love of J.R.R. Tolkien and his in-depth languages.

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section in README
Updated programming languages and personal interests.

README.md, after:

<!--
**Mr-ConQueso/Mr-ConQueso** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

An "About me" section that describes your work and interests
Contributions you're proud of, and context about those contributions
Guidance for getting help in communities where you're involved

-->
## About Me
I'm an aspiring programmer, a little cheese in search of adventures! With a passion for game and website development, I design 3D models and code in Java, C#, Typecript and Python. I'm a sucker for complex coding puzzles and interactive applications. Let's create something extraordinary together! 🚀

<!--
I'm currenlty updating the [Misty World](https://github.com/Liahim85/MistyWorld_Open) Minecraft mod, as an effort to teach people about ecology, and the effects on the environment in it's own species.
-->
I'm currenlty developing [Nölme](https://github.com/Mr-ConQueso/nolme-app), a passion project of mine, combining progamming and my love of J.R.R. Tolkien and his in-depth languages.
